chore(clerk-js,localizations,types): Enhance localization for RestrictedAccess texts,add support btn (#4335)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/new-bananas-complain.md

---
"@clerk/localizations": minor
"@clerk/clerk-js": minor
"@clerk/types": minor
---

> Enhanced localization of Restricted Access text strings
> Add a contact support button
> Move the sign in action in the footer instead for consistency 

Reviewer: Let's make this more friendly 😊 

```suggestion
The "Restricted access" screen has been improved for visual consistency and the ability to contact support. The displayed texts have been made more clear and the sign-in button has been moved to the bottom.
```
